Stabilize stack-protector (#146369)
rust-lang/rust: src/doc/rustc/src/codegen-options/index.md

Attempting to use an unsupported option requires using the nightly channel
with the `-Z unstable-options` flag.

## stack-protector

The option `-C stack-protector` (currently also supported in the
old style `-Z stack-protector`) controls the generation of
stack-protector canaries.

This flag controls stack smashing protection strategy.

Supported values for this option are:
- `none` (default): Disable stack canary generation
- `strong`: Generate stack canaries in all functions, unless the compiler
  can prove these functions can't be the source of a stack
  buffer overflow (even in the presence of undefined behavior).

  This provides similar security guarantees to Clang's
  `-fstack-protector-strong`.

  The exact rules are unstable and subject to change, but
  currently, it generates stack protectors for functions that,

>   *post-optimization*, contain LLVM allocas (which

Reviewer: same thing here and on lines 719 & 720 as above

*[View changes since the review](https://triagebot.infra.rust-lang.org/gh-changes-since/rust-lang/rust/146369/00065197834fd059fdaea30df5b6d1bf9791e539..cb003984afb8788ffdfdab1decc191638f7fc063)*

Author: no, stack allocations that are used in a way that is determined by static control flow (e.g. spills) don't end up as allocas.

  include all stack allocations - including fixed-size
  allocations - that are used in a way that is not completely
  determined by static control flow).
 - `all`: Generate stack canaries in all functions

rustc does not have a mode equivalent to Clang's (or GCC's)

> plain `-fstack-protector` - `-fstack-protector` is an older heuristic

Reviewer: nit

```suggestion
plain `-fstack-protector`. `-fstack-protector` is an older heuristic
```

*[View changes since the review](https://triagebot.infra.rust-lang.org/gh-changes-since/rust-lang/rust/146369/00065197834fd059fdaea30df5b6d1bf9791e539..cb003984afb8788ffdfdab1decc191638f7fc063)*

Author: fixed

designed for C, that only protects functions that allocate a
`char buf[N];` buffer on the stack, making it prone to buffer overflows
from length miscalculations. This heuristic is poorly suited for Rust
code. Even in C codebases, `-fstack-protector-strong` is nowadays
preferred because plain `-fstack-protector` misses many stack
buffer overflows.

> Stack protectors are not supported on many GPU targets, use of stack

Reviewer: Sort of sounds like they're not supported _only_ on GPU targets but I don't know why that would be the case (there could be other targets or future targets that also do not support them).

```suggestion
Stack protectors are not supported on some targets such as GPU targets, use of stack
```

*[View changes since the review](https://triagebot.infra.rust-lang.org/gh-changes-since/rust-lang/rust/146369/00065197834fd059fdaea30df5b6d1bf9791e539..cb003984afb8788ffdfdab1decc191638f7fc063)*

Author: fixed
